but even the Beatles can't have known
what they were starting back in
Liverpool in 1962 or how long it would
last as they took us all on a journey to
the top of most of the popper most
people do demand that you think how long
you're gonna last well you can't say no
even be big-headed and say yeah we're
going to last 10 years but soon as
you've said that you think you know and
lucky if we last three months well
obviously we can't keep playing the same
sort of music until we're about 14
because nope women old men playing from
me to you nobody's gonna want to know
it's all about that sort of thing so
what yeah we've thought about it and
probably the thing that John and I will
do will be write songs as we have been
doing as a sort of sideline now we
probably develop that a bit more we hope
who knows at 40 we may not know how to
write songs anymore I hope to have
enough money to go in into a business of
my own by the time we do flop and I mean
we don't know it may be next week it may
be 2 or 3 years but I think we'll be it
in the business either up there or down
there for at least another four years
I've always fancied up in a lady's
hairdressing salon you know I string
them in fact and trot round me stripes
and Tails now like a cup of tea mother
I love you